>> Steve Kinney: All right, so at this
point, we have everything set up, so
let's actually open up the repo,
the Steve Kinney Nodebots Workshop.
And I have a few files
kind of ready to go.
The first one we'll play
with is Tessel intro.
And it's actually taken from
the Tessel Project itself.
And it shows what it looks like to
work with the Tessel directly without
Johnny-Five.
And we'll look at Johnny-Five and all
the really cool things it offers us later.
But this is a very simple example that we
can see just using straight Tessel code.
So we wanna deploy it to our device.
There's two options, we can actually
send the code to our device that means
that anytime it has power,
it will run that code.
Or we can just run it as we're
developing which will basically,
as long as we keep the terminal process
open on our computer, it'll run a device.
And when we hit Ctrl + C,
it will stop running on the device which,
is what we're gonna use for most people.
When your masterpiece is done and
you're ready to install it somewhere and
do a thing, that would be when you
actually deploy the code to your device.
So I'm gonna go over to my terminal again.
Just clear it real quick.
I'm just gonna type in t2.
And so you can kind of see some of
the different commands that are available.
And so run will actually run it
from our computer onto the device.
So it will deploy onto the device but
we'll still be connected.
We'll see all of the different
results in our terminal.
And as soon as we kill the process, it
will stop running on the device, as well.
But, if we can actually push
it to the device, as well.
And there are a bunch of other fun
stuff like erasing the Tessel,
listing all the Tessels.
We've played with some
of these previously.
Cool, so what we're gonna do is
we're gonna run that initial file.
So I'm just gonna do a t2 run and
then my directory is just 00.
So t2 run 00-tessel-intro.
I'll let that go and
we'll just actually see what happens here.
So it's gonna look for my tessel.
Hopefully it finds the right one.
Cool, mine is connected to RobotComputer
because I exported that variable.
If you're watching this later or
working at home, probably it's
already defaulting to the correct one.
But for those of us in the room,
we need to make sure that we're not
deploying to other people's Tessels.
Likely won't work because of
the provisioning with the public and
the private keys.
Your code won't start running on somebody
else's device, it will just not work.
Cool, and so
it's writing to the RAM on RobotComputer.
It's gonna run that code.
Cool, so at this point, we can see
the two LEDs blinking on the device,
which means we have successfully run our
first few lines of JavaScript on a Tessel.
Good job, everyone.
And with that, I can now kill the process,
and we should see the LEDs.
They're going to stop blinking depending
on what tenth of second you hit
CTRL + C they will either remain on or
they will now be off.
So if you see them stay on that's
just simply a 50/50 chance.
The one thing I would like you to do is,
we go to the code.
>> Steve Kinney: We can take one of these.
>> Steve Kinney: And there's a bunch
of methods that we could use.
Toggle will basically change
the state from on to off.
There's two other methods.
One of them is dot on which
will turn the LED on.
The other one is dot off,
which will turn the LED off.
What I would like you to do is pick one,
either two or three, whichever one makes
you happiest, and go ahead and start it in
the on position and take the other one.
They should default to off, but.
>> Steve Kinney: And
put it to the off position.
So now they'll start.
One of them will be on and
one of them will be off.
And then we're going to run and
deploy this code again.
So you won't see it on this device yet
on the screen.
There it goes.
It was still deploying
the code from my computer.
But now you can see I'm alternating
between the two LEDs on the device.
So we started one in the on position and
one in the off position, and
now as we toggle them,
they are kinda alternating back and forth.